Next one up.
We have two pseudo elements which would be first line and first letter and just by looking at him I
think they're all going to be much more straightforward than the before and after.
So the first one is going to style the first line and the second one is going to work with the first
letter as always.
Let's get rid of everything that we had in the previous one.
Say it in the annex.
This is going to be very simple.
Who's gonna work with not a div where we're going to have the paragraph then the paragraph is gonna
have.
I don't know Lorem 30 words something like this.
This is gonna be my paragraph.
And then if we head over back to the C assess we can just say paragraph and use the first line.
So this is gonna style the first line in our case we can just say font way is gonna be let's say bold.
So now wait there's gonna be mold however if you'd want the first letter to be bigger again the same
thing we are working with first letter and let's say font size is gonna be I don't know three are m
so as straightforward as it gets.
First line and first letter.